README.md, before:

# Fivethree Snippets for VS Code

[![Visual Studio Marketplace](https://vsmarketplacebadge.apphb.com/version-short/fivethree.vscode-fivethree-snippets.svg?style=flat-square)](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=fivethree.vscode-fivethree-snippets)

Visual Studio Code Extension adds TypeScript and HTML snippets for Fivethree Web Components.

All code snippets are based on and follow the Angular style guide [Fivethree Web Components](https://github.com/fivethree-team/fivethree).

## Using Snippets for Fivethree Web Components

Type part of a snippet, press enter, and the snippet unfolds.

### Overview
* [Snippet Prefix](https://github.com/fivethree-team/vscode-fivethree-snippets#snippet-prefix)
* [HTML Snippets](https://github.com/fivethree-team/vscode-fivethree-snippets#html-snippets)
* [SCSS Snippets](https://github.com/fivethree-team/vscode-fivethree-snippets#scss-snippets)
* [Typescript Snippets](https://github.com/fivethree-team/vscode-fivethree-snippets#typescript-snippets)

### Snippet Prefix

| Prefix | Description |
| ------- | ----------|
| `f-` | Fivethree Snippets |

### HTML Snippets

| Snippet                      | Purpose                                                      |
| ---------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ |
| `f-app-bar`                | `<fiv-app-bar>`                                                    |
| `f-bottom-sheet`                | `<fiv-bottom-sheet>`                                                    |
| `f-bottom-sheet-content`                | `<fiv-bottom-sheet-content>`                                                    |
| `f-item-expandable`                | `<fiv-item-expandable>` w/ `<ion-item>`                                                    |
| `f-loading-fab`                | `<fiv-loading-fab>`                                                    |

### SCSS Snippets

| Snippet                      | Purpose                                                      |
| ---------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ |

### Typescript Snippets

| Snippet                      | Purpose                                                      |
| ---------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ |

Commit message:

feat(html): add center and collapse menu directive and button

README.md, after:

# Fivethree Snippets for VS Code

[![Visual Studio Marketplace](https://vsmarketplacebadge.apphb.com/version-short/fivethree.vscode-fivethree-snippets.svg?style=flat-square)](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=fivethree.vscode-fivethree-snippets)

Visual Studio Code Extension adds TypeScript and HTML snippets for Fivethree Web Components.

All code snippets are based on and follow the Angular style guide [Fivethree Web Components](https://github.com/fivethree-team/fivethree).

## Using Snippets for Fivethree Web Components

Type part of a snippet, press enter, and the snippet unfolds.

### Overview
* [Snippet Prefix](https://github.com/fivethree-team/vscode-fivethree-snippets#snippet-prefix)
* [HTML Snippets](https://github.com/fivethree-team/vscode-fivethree-snippets#html-snippets)
* [Directive Snippets](https://github.com/fivethree-team/vscode-fivethree-snippets#directive-snippets)
* [SCSS Snippets](https://github.com/fivethree-team/vscode-fivethree-snippets#scss-snippets)
* [Typescript Snippets](https://github.com/fivethree-team/vscode-fivethree-snippets#typescript-snippets)

### Snippet Prefix

| Prefix | Description |
| ------- | ----------|
| `f-` | Fivethree Snippets |

### HTML Snippets

| Snippet                      | Purpose                                                      |
| ---------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ |
| `f-app-bar`                | `<fiv-app-bar>`                                                    |
| `f-bottom-sheet`                | `<fiv-bottom-sheet>`                                                    |
| `f-bottom-sheet-content`                | `<fiv-bottom-sheet-content>`                                                    |
| `f-collapsable-menu-button`                | `<fiv-collapsable-menu-button>` add this to <ion-toolbar> in the menu                                                    |
| `f-item-expandable`                | `<fiv-item-expandable>` w/ `<ion-item>`                                                    |
| `f-loading-fab`                | `<fiv-loading-fab>`                                                    |
| `f-toolbar-search`                | `<fiv-toolbar-search>` w/ `<ion-menu-button>`                                                  |

### Directive Snippets

| Snippet                      | Purpose                                                      |
| ---------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ |
| `f-center`                | `[fiv-center]` directive to center horizontal and vertical                                                    |
| `f-collapse-menu`                | `[f-collapse-menu]` directive to collapse your menu, add this to <ion-menu>                |

### SCSS Snippets

| Snippet                      | Purpose                                                      |
| ---------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ |

### Typescript Snippets

| Snippet                      | Purpose                                                      |
| ---------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ |
